Things I have learnt about from the videos on the playlist - 

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6ZF9C0YMKuns9sLDzK6zoiV

These videos are from YouTube courtesy of The Coding Train who has 1.63 million subscribers.

GitHub is the website that these videos are based on and can be found here - 

https://github.com/

Video 1.1
  Git
  Github
  Version Control
  Repositories (or Repo)
  Commit (Commiting changes)
  Hash - the number assigned to each commit

Video 1.2
  Branch
  Pull Request
  Merge

Video 1.3
  Fork - having the same repo in a different user account. This allows another user to experiment with the same repo without messing with the original branch
  Pull Request - once changes have been made, a pull request can be sent to the original user. This asks for permission to pull changes from the other user, 
  back to the original main branch. 
  Push / Pull - Pushing commits to or pulling commits from anther branch

Video 1.4
  Issues - this is a place to leave a comment about a project eg. 'I've found a bug' or 'this word was mispelt' or 'Can I have this feature?'
  Issues can only be closed by the owner of the main branch or the user submitting the issue.
  Reference Issue number eg #10 - by adding 'fixes #10' in the commit description it automatically closes the issue.
  If the hash reference is included in the issue write up then this links directly to that particular commit


Video 1.5
  Using terminal commands
  cd (change directory)
  pwd (print working directory)
  ls (list)
  clear (or cmd k)

Video 1.6
  Clone - taking a repositor and cloning it to your computer to work on
  git clone ##### - where # is the repositor URL from GitHub. Clones the repository form GitHub 
  git status - checks if there have een
  git commit -a -m "message" - where a is for all and m stands for message
  git config --global user.name "Your Name"
  git config --global user.email you@example.com
  git log
  Push - sending to GitHub
  Pull - receiving from GitHub ie. when someone else makes changes to GitHub
  git remote -v (-v is verbose) - displays all the remotes assosciated with the repository
  git push #1 #2 - where #1 is the remote (eg origin) and #2 is the branch.... git push origin master
    will then ask for username and then password

